Add AnalysisSurfaceIntegral (#1812)
trixi-framework/Trixi.jl: NEWS.md

## Changes in the v0.7 lifecycle

#### Added
- Implementation of `TimeSeriesCallback` for curvilinear meshes on `UnstructuredMesh2D`.
- Implementation of `TimeSeriesCallback` for curvilinear meshes on `UnstructuredMesh2D` and extension
  to 1D and 3D on `TreeMesh`.

> - Pressure lift and drag coefficients can now be computed for 2D `P4estMesh`.

Reviewer: Yes, that is true. Although the user would need to provide that.

> - Pressure lift and drag coefficients can now be computed for 2D `P4estMesh`.

Reviewer 2: True, this opens the possibly of a new tutorial about how to define one's own function. Perhaps we could modify the NEWS item along the lines of
```
- New analysis callback for 2D `P4estMesh` to compute integrated quantities along a boundary surface, e.g., pressure lift and drag coefficients.
```

> - Pressure lift and drag coefficients can now be computed for 2D `P4estMesh`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New analysis callback for 2D `P4estMesh` to compute integrated quantities along a boundary surface, e.g., pressure lift and drag coefficients.
```
